I did not put the e-mail of the listed persons, I do not know if they agree (Liviu).
If you are on this list and want your e-mail listed, please write me!


People who helped me (chronologically)
--------------------------------------

Costin Badica	- my teacher. He actually made me begin this project and provided me with 
	documentation and advices.

Carsten Niehaus - suggestions.

Imre Nagy 	- e-mail list (does not work anymore), suggestions.

Sajith V. K. - suggestions

Michael Towers	- lots of bugs reported, sample files, suggestions, front/back-end.

Antti Leppik	- sample file, suggestions.

Ian Fantom	- sample file, suggestions.

Simon Ghetti	- sample files, suggestions.

Gibbon Tamba - sample file, bug reported.

Jerome Durand - bug reported, French translation (fetfr@free.fr, please also see http://fetfr.free.fr/).

Marek Jaszuk - bugs reported, suggestions, sample file.

Ramanathan Srinivasan - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesConsecutive and Constraint2ActivitiesGrouped.

Vimal Joseph - suggestins, a script to convert the .xml results into .tex.

Cristian Gherman - bugs reported, suggestions.
				
Nicholas Robinson - suggestions.

Radu Spineanu - Debian package.

Morten Piil	- bug reported, sample file.

Sebastian Canagaratna - lots of suggestions, bugs reported, sample files.

Abdul Hadi Kamel - sample file, bugs reported, Malay translation.

Miguel Gea Milvaques - Catalan translation.

Frans de Bruijn - bug reported.

Radoslaw Pasiok - Polish translation.

Daan Huntjens - bug reported, sample file, suggestions, partial Dutch translation.

Yush Yuen - sample file.

Scott Sweeting - sample file, suggestions, icon for FET.

Dragos Petrascu - suggestions.

Daniel S. - suggestions, help files for the constraints.

Gianluca Salvo - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesOrdered.

Sebastian O'Halloran - suggestions.

Mehmet Gezmisoglu - Turkish translation.

Tom Hosty (tomhosty@hotmail.com) - sample file, bugs reported, user's guide.

Niels Fikse - Dutch translation.

Simon Bohlin - suggestions.

Volker Dirr - German translation, bug reports, suggestions, 
2-point and uniform crossover implementation and testing.

Les Richardson - Update of the FAQ.

Gabi Danon - instructions on how to compile/run FET on Mac OS X

Manolo Par - suggested ConstraintTeachersMinHoursDaily.

Viktor Ferenczi - bug report, Hungarian translation.

Patrick Fox - improved French translation.

Andres Chandia - icons.

Zoran Zdravkovski - bug reports, Macedonian translation.

Constantin Romulus - bug reports, sample file (private), small
improvements in Romanian translation, testing.

L. W. Johnstone - suggestions, sample file.

Zsolt Udvari - suggestions.

mantas - bug reports.

moryus - bug report.

bb - suggestions.

Maciej Deorowicz - suggestions.

Jose Cesar Fernandez Lopez - Spanish translation.

Daniel Chiriac - suggestions.

Dimitrios Ropokis - suggestions, Greek translation.

Danail - suggestions.

Peter Ambroz - suggestions.
